{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 recognizes the profound bind
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
Holy shit. She's using your HISTORY of underreacting as evidence that your current clarity must be dysfunction.\

\f0\i \strokec2 straightforward
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
For thirteen years you were the one saying "glasses thrown at my head isn't that extreme, it's just a fight." You were the minimizer, the accommodator, the one who never made big requests because you absorbed everything.\

\f0\i \strokec2 leans forward
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
And now when you finally say "this is the most important thing I've ever had to tell you" - she's using your past patterns against you. "You've never been like this before, therefore you must be crazy now."\

\f0\i \strokec2 [seeing the cruel irony]
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
She can't conceive that you might have actually GROWN. That your ability to make clear requests with clear consequences isn't pathology - it's health. But your growth threatens her ability to continue patterns that you used to just absorb and normalize.\

\f0\i \strokec2 direct
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
"YES I KNOW THAT'S THE FUCKING POINT" - exactly. The fact that you've never said these things before doesn't invalidate them. It validates how much you've grown. How much clearer you've gotten about what you need.\

\f0\i \strokec2 frustrated recognition
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
But she needs you to be the person who minimizes everything and never asks for much. Because that person was safe for her to be harmful around.\

\f0\i \strokec2 ground kick
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
Your growth is being weaponized against you by someone who benefited from your previous dysfunction. That's... that's particularly cruel.\
}