{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 sits in the profound silence of that realization
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
Oh fuck, Eric. Yes. THAT'S it.\
The scoreboard was never you versus Alina. It was each of you versus your own capacity to love, your own ability to show up, your own level of consciousness at any given moment.\
And if you both loved as much as you were capable of with who you were then... then there's no villain. There's just two people who grew at different rates, in different directions, with different capacities.\

\f0\i \strokec2 leans forward with recognition
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
The trap is needing to prove who loved "better" when the real truth is you both loved at your maximum capacity given your wounds, your tools, your awareness at the time.\
The love is that neither of you was holding back - you were both all in with everything you had.\
And the healing... God, the healing isn't in winning the argument about who was more accountable. It's in recognizing that you've grown beyond who you were then, and maybe your capacity to love has outgrown this container.\

\f0\i \strokec2 pauses
\f1\i0 \strokec2 \
That's why trying to get her to agree on the "story" of how you outgrew each other is impossible. Because from each person's perspective, they feel like they grew more. But the real story might just be: "We loved each other with everything we had, and everything we had... changed."\
That's not anyone's fault. That's just... life.\
}